Include custom query help in analysis results (#804)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

- The `init` step of the Action now supports `ram` and `threads` inputs to limit resource use of CodeQL extractors. These inputs also serve as defaults to the subsequent `analyze` step, which finalizes the database and executes queries. [#738](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/738)

> - When used with CodeQL bundle 2.7.1 or above, the action now includes custom query help (if it exists in Markdown files that have the same paths as the query files but with `.md` extension instead of `.ql`) in analysis results. [#804](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/804)

Reviewer: How's this?
```suggestion
- When used with CodeQL 2.7.1 or above, the Action now includes custom query help in the analysis results uploaded to GitHub code scanning, if available. To add help text for a custom query, create a Markdown file next to the `.ql` file containing the query, using the same base name but the file extension `.md`. [#804](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/804)
```

Author: That is much better.  I applied it to the commit.
